[terra-status-view] Removed terra-button deprecated size attribute reference (#3099)
cerner/terra-core: packages/terra-status-view/CHANGELOG.md

Unreleased
----------
### Removed

> * Removed references of deprecated `size` attribute of terra-button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Removed references of the removed `size` attribute of terra-button that would be passed via `buttonAttrs`.
```
